<!DOCTYPE html
  SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-us">
   
   <head>
      
      
      <meta name="copyright" content="(C) Copyright 2017" />
      
      <meta name="DC.rights.owner" content="(C) Copyright 2017" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Type" content="concept" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Title" content="Introduction" />
      
      <meta name="abstract" content="Introduction to the InclusiveVT website evaluation" />
      
      <meta name="description" content="Introduction to the InclusiveVT website evaluation" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Relation" content="quality.xhtml" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Relation" content="usability.xhtml" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Relation" content="improvements.xhtml" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Relation" content="conclusion.xhtml" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Format" content="XHTML" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Identifier" content="introduction" />
      
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="commonltr.css" />
      
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="epubStyles.css" />
      
      <title>Introduction</title>
      
   </head>
   
   <body id="introduction">
      
      
      <h1 class="title topictitle1"><span class="enumeration_chapter">Chapter 1. </span>Introduction
      </h1>
      
      
      <div class="body conbody">
         <p class="shortdesc">Introduction to the InclusiveVT website evaluation </p>
         
         
         <p class="p">InclusiveVT is Virginia Tech’s commitment to advancing inclusion and diversity efforts
            on
            campus, which builds upon the university’s motto of <em class="ph i">Ut Prosim</em>. 
         </p>
         
         
         <p class="p">The website has four main tabs: “Home,” “For Students,” “For Faculty and Staff,” and
            “For
            Alumni.” The pages included on the homepage include several pages, describing what
            InclusiveVT is, providing a message from the VP of Strategic Affairs, and detailing
            upcoming events, news, and announcements. 
         </p>
         
         
         <p class="p">The other tabs break down InclusiveVT for each audience: students, faculty/staff,
            and
            alumni. Each of these pages covers how the audience can get involved with the Virginia
            Tech’s commitment to diversity and inclusivity on campus. The student pages reiterate
            the commitment and describe ways students can get involved with it, such as attending
            events, taking online courses, or supporting the cause. The faculty/staff pages also
            detail available workshops, classes, and programs. The alumni pages focus on events,
            mentorship programs, board positions, and local events.
         </p>
         
         
         <p class="p">Our team will evaluate the InclusiveVT website based on quality and usability, as
            well as
            recommend areas for improvement. 
         </p>
         
         
      </div>
      
      
      <div class="related-links">
         
         <ul class="ullinks">
            
            <li class="link ulchildlink"><strong><a href="quality.xhtml">Quality Evaluation</a></strong><br />
               This evaluation is based on the rubric located in Appendix A of Developing Quality
               Technical Information.
            </li>
            
            <li class="link ulchildlink"><strong><a href="usability.xhtml">Usability Evaluation</a></strong><br />
               This is an evaluation of the usability of the InclusiveVT webhelp from a student's
               perspective.
            </li>
            
            <li class="link ulchildlink"><strong><a href="improvements.xhtml">Recommendations for Improvement</a></strong><br />
               
            </li>
            
            <li class="link ulchildlink"><strong><a href="conclusion.xhtml">Conclusion</a></strong><br />
               Final Thoughts
            </li>
            
         </ul>
         
      </div>
   </body>
   
</html>