<!DOCTYPE html
  SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-us">
   
   <head>
      
      
      <meta name="copyright" content="(C) Copyright 2017" />
      
      <meta name="DC.rights.owner" content="(C) Copyright 2017" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Type" content="concept" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Title" content="Usability Evaluation" />
      
      <meta name="abstract" content="This is an evaluation of the usability of the InclusiveVT webhelp from a student's perspective." />
      
      <meta name="description" content="This is an evaluation of the usability of the InclusiveVT webhelp from a student's perspective." />
      
      <meta name="DC.Relation" content="intro.xhtml" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Format" content="XHTML" />
      
      <meta name="DC.Identifier" content="c-usability" />
      
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="commonltr.css" />
      
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="epubStyles.css" />
      
      <title>Usability Evaluation</title>
      
   </head>
   
   <body id="c-usability">
      
      
      <h1 class="title topictitle1">Usability Evaluation</h1>
      
      
      <div class="body conbody">
         <p class="shortdesc">This is an evaluation of the usability of the InclusiveVT webhelp from a student's
            perspective.
         </p>
         
         
         <p class="p"><strong class="ph b">Strengths</strong></p>
         
         
         <ul class="ul">
            <li class="li"><strong class="ph b">Authoring Content:</strong>Dividing the content for student, faculty, and alumni was a smart decision so that
               those individuals know immediately where to direct their attention on the site. These
               are great filters for your personas.
            </li>
            
            
            <li class="li"><strong class="ph b">Flow of Navigation:</strong>The navigation menu moved from general to specific from left
               to right and top to bottom. This helped with engagement since website users
               typically click and read left to right.
            </li>
            
            
         </ul>
         
         
         
         <p class="p"><strong class="ph b">Opportunities for Improvement</strong></p>
         
         
         <ul class="ul">
            <li class="li"><strong class="ph b">Formatting:</strong>While there was a lot of relevant information there could have been more formatting
               to help break up large blocks of text and help students navigate the content. Creating
               bold headers, italicizing quotes, or bulleting information when possible would improve
               readability.
            </li>
            
            
            
            <li class="li"><strong class="ph b">Navigation Titles:</strong>Creating more general navigation titles may help to improve usability of the site
               for students who are unfamiliar with InclusiveVT. This was done well in the "Home"
               tab with general titles like <em class="ph i">About us</em>, <em class="ph i">Events</em>, and <em class="ph i">Announcements</em> but it could have been carried over into the "For Students" tab. For example, under
               this tab it could say “Events” or “Programs” followed by a list of related programs
               like DiversityEdu because students may not click on a title that they're not familiar
               with. 
            </li>
            
            
            <li class="li"><strong class="ph b">Links</strong>Incorporating links to sites or email addresses that are referenced would improve
               the usability of this web help so that students can be redirected in one click. Hyperlinks
               in a different color also improves readability and in turn usability since the call
               to action is more prominent and clear. 
            </li>
            
            
         </ul>
         
         
      </div>
      
      
      <div class="related-links">
         
         <div class="familylinks">
            
         </div>
         
      </div>
   </body>
   
</html>